[ LAUGHTER ]
WHEN DID YOU START
LOVING NUMBERS, LUIS?
WHAT...
T-THAT'S A SHADOW.
T-THAT'S...
[ LAUGHTER ]
I REMEMBER THE FIRST TIME
I DISCOVERED MINE.
COULD NOT BELIEVE
THIS LITTLE BLACK BOY
COULDN'T TALK!
[ LAUGHTER ]
UH, WHAT DID YOU SAY?
OH, NOTHING.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THAT.
ARE YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS --
ARE THEY GOOD AT MATH?
UNH-UNH.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PARENTS?
IS YOUR DAD GOOD
WITH MATH?
UNH-UNH!
COULD
YOU TEACH ME NUMBERS?
UH-HUH.
I WANT TO PLAY
THE DOUBLING GAME WITH YOU.
OKAY, YOU GOT
TO PICK A NUMBER.
OKAY, 6.
6 -- 12!
13?
OH, NO!
YOU JUST GOT
TO DOUBLE IT.
OH, I SEE.
YOU GOT TO USE
THE CALCULATOR!
[ SPUTTERS ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
OKAY, 24?
48.
96?
192.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
[ LAUGHS ]
384?
768.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
1,536?
3,072.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WOW!
THAT'S CLAPPING A LOT!
THEY TELL ME THAT YOU KNOW
HOW TO PLAY THE SQUARE GAME.
YES, YOU JUST --
YOU JUST TIMES IT BY ITSELF.
OKAY, SO 9?
81.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
YES!
[ LAUGHTER ]
12 SQUARED.
144.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WHAT IS 145 SQUARED?
WHOA, THAT'S A HIGH...
ONE.
21,025.
OKAY.
THIS.
NO, YOU GOT IT RIGHT.
THAT'S...
YES.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THAT'S A REALLY
BIG NUMBER, RIGHT?
CAN I TRY 162?
YOU GOT TO SAY
"SQUARED."
OKAY, ONE SECOND.
HE'S...
'CAUSE RIGHT NOW,
IT'S JUST 162.
WHAT YOU WANT,
STEVE?
OKAY!
OKAY, 162 SQUARED.
162 SQUARED.
THE ANSWER IS...
THE ANSWER IS 26,244.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I'M GONNA SEE IF YOU
CAN DO THIS RIGHT HERE.
THEY TOLD ME
I CAN WRITE ON THIS BOARD.
-OKAY, YOU CAN DRAW ANY NUMBER.
-OKAY.
I'M GONNA MAKE A NUMBER
ON THIS BOARD,
AND I WANT YOU TO TELL ME
WHAT THAT NUMBER IS.
OKAY.
ARE YOU READY YET?
OKAY, HOLD ON!
-NOW CAN I OPEN?
-WELL, NOT YET.
I'M JUST MAKING STUFF UP.
I'VE BEEN PAST
WHAT I KNOW.
-NOW?
-OKAY, HERE WE GO.
OKAY.
NOW, I'M SHOWING THE AUDIENCE
THIS NUMBER THAT I WROTE.
WE'RE GONNA SAY IT
WITHOUT LOOKING.
NO, YOU GOT TO LOOK.
LET ME EXPLAIN SOMETHING
TO YOU.
IF YOU CAN SAY THIS NUMBER
WITHOUT LOOKING AT IT,
WE ARE SO RICH!
WHAT?
WE GONNA MAKE THIS MUCH MONEY
BY NEXT SUMMER.
-I CAN SAY IT WITHOUT LOOKING!
-HUH?
-I CAN SAY IT WITHOUT LOOKING.
-NO, I KNOW.
OKAY, STEP DOWN HERE.
STEP DOWN.
OKAY, NOW, RIGHT THERE,
I WANT YOU TO LOOK.
YOU STAND RIGHT HERE,
LOOK AT IT.
NOW SAY THAT NUMBER
FOR ME.
876 QUINTILLION,
946 QUADRILLION,
351 TRILLION,
798 BILLION, 345 MILLION,
601 THOUSAND, 801.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WAVE AT THEM!
THIS IS THE GREATEST KID
IN THE WORLD!
YES!